EDU-466: clarify connection differences between client connection and Worker in TS (#2296)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/typescript/security.md

## Encryption in transit with mTLS

> There are two classes in the SDK that connect to the Temporal Server: the [Worker](https://typescript.temporal.io/api/classes/worker.Worker) and the client [Connection](https://typescript.temporal.io/api/classes/client.Connection/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Two classes in the SDK connect to the Temporal Server: the [Worker](https://typescript.temporal.io/api/classes/worker.Worker) and the client [Connection](https://typescript.temporal.io/api/classes/client.Connection/).
```

> When instantiating either of them, you may choose whether to connect securely or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When instantiating either of them, you can choose whether to connect securely.
```

> - In order to connect to the server using TLS, set a _truthy_ value (`true` or [TLSConfig](https://typescript.temporal.io/api/interfaces/client.TLSConfig) for custom options) in the `tls` configuration option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To connect to the server using TLS, set a _truthy_ value (`true` or [TLSConfig](https://typescript.temporal.io/api/interfaces/client.TLSConfig) for custom options) in the `tls` configuration option.
```

});
```

> Make sure that the Worker is using `NativeConnection`, and the client Connection uses `Connection`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure that the Worker uses `NativeConnection` and the client Connection uses `Connection`.
```
